Clarify autodiscovery documentation (#3781)
kubernetes/autoscaler: cluster-autoscaler/cloudprovider/aws/README.md

To enable this, provide the `--node-group-auto-discovery` flag as an argument
whose value is a list of tag keys that should be looked for. For example,
`--node-group-auto-discovery=asg:tag=k8s.io/cluster-autoscaler/enabled,k8s.io/cluster-autoscaler/<cluster-name>`
makes Cluster Autoscaler look for ASGs where _all_ of these tag keys exist. It does not matter what value
the tags have.

> In other words, if you have ASGs with differing (non-common) tags, you will not want to pass these tags to `--node-group-auto-discovery`, because Cluster Autoscaler [looks for ASGS with all these tag-keys](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/c94ade5266a6c4515aa4a0c7365af0ffb1cf8989/cluster-autoscaler/cloudprovider/aws/aws_manager.go#L471-L472) and will fail to match _some_ or _all_ of your ASGs. Only pass tags that are common across all ASGs in your cluster.

Reviewer: I'm not sure linking to a comment in code which is saying the same thing as this doc is adding anything here. I'd either link to the actual code which does this, or remove the link.

Policies and Spot Instances](#Using-Mixed-Instances-Policies-and-Spot-Instances)
for details.

From version 1.14, Cluster Autoscaler can _also_ determine the resources provided
by each Auto Scaling Group via tags. The tag is of the format
`k8s.io/cluster-autoscaler/node-template/resources/<resource-name>`.
Where `<resource-name>` is the name of the resource, such as `ephemeral-storage`. The
value of such a tag specifies the amount of resource provided. The units are
identical to the units used in the `resources` field of a Pod specification.

Example tag:

* `k8s.io/cluster-autoscaler/node-template/resources/ephemeral-storage`: `100G`

You may currently be adding labels to taints to your nodes via kubelet configuration. If you want to provide this information as additional hints to Cluster Autoscaler that the nodes will
be labeled or tainted when they join the cluster, you may do so by adding these labels/taints as tags to your ASGs, and passing the tag-keys to the `--node-group-auto-discovery` flag.

Example labels/taints ASG tags:

* `k8s.io/cluster-autoscaler/node-template/label/foo`: `bar`
* `k8s.io/cluster-autoscaler/node-template/taint/dedicated`: `NoSchedule`

> which can be passed to `--node-group-auto-discovery` like so:

Reviewer: Duplicating mentioning the `--node-group-auto-discovery` flag. Maybe cleaner with 
```suggestion
which can be passed to the Cluster Autoscaler like so:
```
?

  used by Cluster Autoscaler, depending on whether your ASG utilizes Launch
  Configurations or Launch Templates.
* If Cluster Autoscaler adds a node to the cluster, and the node has taints applied
  when it joins the cluster that Cluster Autoscaler was unaware of, because the tag

>   wasn't applied to the ASG and/or supplied to the `--node-group-auto-discovery` flag, it can lead to significant confusion and misbehavior. For example, if Cluster Autoscaler adds a node to help schedule a pending pod, and the node turns up with a taint that prevents the pod from being scheduled onto it, that can cause issues with pod scheduling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  wasn't applied to the ASG and/or supplied to the `--node-group-auto-discovery` flag, it can lead to significant confusion and misbehavior. For example, if Cluster Autoscaler adds a node to help schedule a pending pod, and the node turns up with a taint that prevents the pod from being scheduled onto it, this can prevent pods being scheduled.
```
?

  types. It is recommended to use the capacity-optimized allocation strategy,
  which will automatically launch Spot Instances into the most available pools
  by looking at real-time capacity data and.

> * Each Auto Scaling Group should be composed of instance types that provide

Reviewer: I think this can probably be combined with the bullet point beginning

```
Set LaunchTemplateOverrides to include the 'base' instance...
```
to provide a clearer single paragraph.
